Objects/scene-objects/group (#20)
cgi-studio-gmbh/incari-doc: objects/scene-objects/group.md

# Group

> The primary function of the **Group** **Object** is that it allows us to transform multiple **Objects**, relative to a single **Pivot Point**, as if though they are a single, unified **Object**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Group** **Object**  works like a folder, as it allows you to structure and organize **Objects**, making **Scenes** with high amounts of different **Objects**, more manageable.

Another useful function of the **Group** **Object** is that it allows us to transform multiple **Objects**, relative to a single **Pivot Point**, as if they were are a single **Object**.
```

> Additionally, it is a useful way of organizing collections of **Objects** into categories, and making **Scenes** with high amounts of different **Objects**, more manageable.

Reviewer: Remove this as I merged it into the above suggestion

Author: you mean
*Additionally, it is a useful way .... ... *

> Like any other **Scene Object**, we can manipulate the **Position**, **Rotation** and **Scale** of a **Sprite** using the **Transformation Attributes** and adjusting its **Rotation Pivot**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like any other **Scene Object**, we can manipulate its **Transformation Attributes** and adjust its **Rotation Pivot**.
```
